hey guys welcome to my channel so
today's video is going to be a very
special one because I am doing a
collaboration with the beautiful and
talented pegged or so for her portion of
the video she is going to be doing a
winter makeup look for you guys and for
my portion of the video i will be doing
some fake gigantic curls for you guys
and yes my curls did I down because I'm
doing my intro a lot later than I should
have for Christmas and Thanksgiving
there are so many dinners and events to
attend so I figured that these are the
perfect holiday curls that you guys can
went to every event because it never
gets old it's gorgeous and it's a
classic holiday look and yes I am still
a little bit sick so I'm sorry as my
voice sounds a little Lassie but i will
be doing a voiceover at laws that are
interested in how each a Steve Carlton
just please for watching
after you brush your hair make sure you
spray some heat protectant on it and
here i am using chatham AC protective
after applying that make sure you brush
it out to evenly distribute the product
throughout the rest of your hair once
you are done with that split your hair
into two half up and half down and I'm
just going to brush it one more time to
make sure that the curls curl smoothly
so you're going to want to start by
wrapping and inch of your hair around
your two fingers so your index and your
middle start rolling the rest of your
hair and towards your scalp once you
have done that grab a straightener and
just go over that little circle that you
have just created if this is your first
time using this method make sure you
wear some gloves because you can easily
burn your hands once you are done with a
straightener slowly release your curl
now you're just going to want to repeat
these steps throughout the rest of your
hair
when you are finished curling the bottom
section of your hair split the middle on
the top into their own separate sections
now just brush out the rest of your hair
to prevent any tangles
you
section a part of your hair and toss it
to the other side with this next section
you're going to want to pair spray and
to the four extra volume
once you have done that bring the
section that you tossed over and bring
it to the other side using a brush
slowly brush out all the tangles to make
sure that your bump is smooth repeat the
same steps to the other side
and here's the finished look I hope that
you guys enjoyed this holiday hair
tutorial that I just did for you guys if
you want more volume go ahead and just
tease your hair some more but I'm
satisfied with how my hair looks right
now thank you guys so much for watching
and if you have it a request then leave
them down below and I'll see you guys in
the next video bye guys
you